JOSS Review Corrections (#609)
sunpy/ndcube: joss_paper/paper.md

methods to manipulate them self-consistently.
These aim to provide simple and intuitive ways of handling coordinate-aware data,
analogous to how users handle coordinate-agnostic data with arrays.

> ndcube leverages AstroPy's WCS API [APE-14; @ape14], a standardized API for the
> World Coordinate System (WCS) framework that is used throughout astronomy.
> Previously, each WCS implementation had its own Python API, making workflows and
> derived tools non-transferable between implementations.
> Now however, ndcube supports any WCS implementation, e.g. FITS-WCS, gWCS, etc.,
> so long as it's wrapped in an AstroPy-WCS-API-compliant object.

Author: ```suggestion
ndcube requires that coordinate transformations be be expressed via the World
Coordinate System (WCS), a coordinate framework commonly used throughout
astronomy.
The WCS framework has multiple implementations, e.g. FITS-WCS, gWCS, etc.,
each with a different incompatible API, which makes workflows and derived tools
non-transferable between implementations.
ndcube overcomes this challenge by leveraging AstroPy's WCS API [APE-14; @ape14]
which can be wrapped around underlying WCS implementations, thereby creating an
implementation-agnostic API for interacting with the WCS coordinate transformations
```

and declination, helioprojective latitude and longitude, etc.) make it a succinct,
standardized and powerful way to relate array axes to the physical coordinate types
they represent.

There are mature Python packages for handling N-D array operations --
e.g. numpy [@numpy], dask [@dask], etc. -- and others for supporting WCS coordinate
transformations -- e.g. astropy [@astropy], gWCS [@gWCS].
However, none treat data and coordinates in a combined, self-consistent way.
The closest alternative to ndcube is xarray [@xarray].
However xarray has been developed for the requirements and conventions of the
geosciences which, although similar to those of astronomy in concept, are sufficiently
different in construction to cause significant friction.
Crucially, xarray does not currently support WCS coordinate transformations.
Tools that do support WCS-based coordinate-aware data analysis, such as the SunPy
[@sunpy] Map class for 2-D images of the Sun, tend to have APIs specific to particular
combinations of dimensions, physical types, coordinate systems and WCS implementations.
This limits their broader utility and makes the combined analysis of different types
of data more difficult.

> It also inhibits collaboration by putting technical barriers between sub-fields of

Author: ```suggestion
It also inhibits collaboration by erecting technical barriers between sub-fields of
```
